Updates to the Java and VS Code docs (#14207)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/customizing-library-models-for-java-and-kotlin.rst

Extensible predicates used to create custom models in Java and Kotlin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The CodeQL library for Java and Kotlin analysis exposes the following extensible predicates:

- ``sourceModel(package, type, subtypes, name, signature, ext, output, kind, provenance)``. This is used to model sources of potentially tainted data.
- ``sinkModel(package, type, subtypes, name, signature, ext, input, kind, provenance)``. This is used to model sinks where tainted data maybe used in a way that makes the code vulnerable.
- ``summaryModel(package, type, subtypes, name, signature, ext, input, output, kind, provenance)``. This is used to model flow through elements.
- ``neutralModel(package, type, name, signature, kind, provenance)``. This is similar to a summary model but used to model the flow of values that have only a minor impact on the dataflow analysis.

> The extensible predicates are populated using data extensions specified in YAML files.

Author: Update for a comment that was lost with two changes to the same line:

```suggestion
The extensible predicates are populated using the models defined in data extension files.
```
